**Attendees:** [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) [@Pete czerpak](#user_mention#75430545) [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065) [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548)
**Note-taker:** [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245)
* * *
## Agenda (40 min):
*   Go over previous action items (5 min)
*   Review Progress Updates (10 min)
*   Roadmap granularity / organization / medium
## 1\\. Key Decisions & Previous Action Items
#### Decisions
*   Review [Master Questions list](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/dc/12h8j1-49171/12h8j1-114771) regularly (proposal: monthly) Master Questions List ([https://app.clickup.com/36217409/docs/12h8j1-49171/12h8j1-114771](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/docs/12h8j1-49171/12h8j1-114771))
#### Previous Action Items

| Draft a boilerplate outreach message for consultants | [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) | DONE |
| ---| ---| --- |
| Will book meeting for URS review | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | DONE |
| mads ping alex to review URS | [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065) | DONE |
| Update architecture based on feedback | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | DONE |
| Continue moving Lonza conversation forward | [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) | ongoing |
| provide feedback on URS | [@Pete czerpak](#user_mention#75430545) [@Alex Toda](#user_mention#75436469) [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | DONE |
| Consolidate GMP requirements/questions | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | DONE -[](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/dc/12h8j1-49171/12h8j1-114831) |
| Schedule meeting with opto team to share learnings from HW design session | [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548) | 12/10 |
| Share learnings from design sessions with opto team | [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548) | 12/19 |
| Make prioritized list of consultants for outreach | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | DONE |
| Propose system for requirements change control (talk to Matt first) | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | 12/8 |

* * *
## 2\\. Brief Progress Updates
> Each team member should briefly summarize their work since the last meeting, current focus, and next steps. Structure your update for clarity and decision-making—think “status, blockers, upcoming.” **Prioritize tangible outcomes, critical learnings, and any issues where you need input or support.** Be concise, concrete, and avoid generic statements.  
> \\- **What was completed:** List milestones, deliverables, or key advances since last update.  
> \\- **What’s in progress:** Share current activities, experiments, or problems you are solving.  
> \\- **Blockers/issues:** Surface anything impeding your work, requiring a decision, or posing risk to GMP, functionality, or timeline.  
> \\- I**mmediate next steps:** What you plan to tackle next, including deadlines if known.  
> This helps everyone quickly see progress, align dependencies, and spot risks early. Focus on actionable info over details for detail’s sake.

#### [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245)
*   
#### [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065)
*   URS
    *   Rev B reviewed
    *   Rev C = minimum viable URS, will be discussed tomorrow (MVP is the first product in a customer site)
*   FRS / FS
    *   Set up two versions (Rev A / Rev B) - soft review with Pete /Alex, we will likely be going with Rev A style
*   Roadmap
    *   Roadmap subsections handed off to subsystem owners
    *   Question: How to add the process development steps into the roadmap? Currently folded into the device sections
*   Request: discuss the [phil sanders discussion document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eC6QlwBPmQktNzq_i2yVQMViUf09KwM9CNw7vSvb4Mw/edit?usp=sharing)

#### [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042)
*   Bio Roadmap
    *   George is building bio roadmap in collab with Victor
#### [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548)
*   
#### [@Vidar van der Meijden](#user_mention#54091421)
*   
#### [@Pete czerpak](#user_mention#75430545)
*   
* * *
## 3\\. Requirements & Specification Alignment
*   _Recent changes or clarifications (reference URS/SRS/TRS as appropriate)._
*   _Open requirements or unresolved specification questions._
*   _Impacts on project plan or risk profile._
* * *
## 4\\. Blockers & Key Risks
*   _Current issues impacting pace, scope, or compliance._
*   _Risks requiring escalation or resolution this week._
* * *
## 5\\. GMP & CDMO Operations Feedback
*   _CDMO partner feedback (compliance, operability, validation)._
*   _Usability observations, operator feedback._
* * *
## 6\\. Dependencies
*   _Updates or needed inputs from partners, vendors, other teams._
*   _Resource or decision dependencies._
* * *
## 7\\. Next Steps & Accountability

| Action | Owner | Deadline |
| ---| ---| --- |
|  |  |  |

* * *
**Additional Notes:**
_Miscellaneous updates, reminders, or open floor discussion items._
* * *
