*   Mads
    *   working on roadmap - in a good spot
    *   blocker (unblocked) - waiting on resources to start working on FRS. got examples from Pete this week
    *   help needed - FRS (once working on)
*   Taylor
    *   working on list of questions for Opto - sending out later today
        *   next steps:
            *   taylor share list with this team
            *   feedback from GMP Illuminator and Opto by end of Tuesday
            *   taylor schedule meeting week of Jan 5 (with Max, Max, Zack, Vidar, Will, Mads, anyone else interested)
    *   blocker - Max and Zack response in slack (what experiments they're running)

*   Max
    *   waiting to hear back from Lonza
    *   heard back from Gregg - happy to help. he needs some time
        *   Max to share what info needed from this team to move that convo forward
*   Pete
    *   convos with two possible consultants. NDAs signed and general sense of where we could use help
        *   next step: conversation with Pete, Mads, Max, Will. Determine where we need help
    *   Pete to create doc, draft a list of areas where they could help
        *   Max, Will, Mads to add color and provide additional context on the project
*   Will
    *
