**Attendees:** [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065) [@Vidar van der Meijden](#user_mention#54091421) [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548) [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) [@Pete czerpak](#user_mention#75430545)
**Note-taker:**
* * *
## Agenda:
*   Go over previous action items (5 min, [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) )
*   Review & align on system architecture (5 min, [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) )
    *   **UPDATED architecture based on feedback (v1.2)**
    [GMP Illuminator Architecture - v1.2.pdf](https://t36217409.p.clickup-attachments.com/t36217409/f15c7a7b-b041-4d4f-ab28-de6c4146585a/GMP%20Illuminator%20Architecture%20-%20v1.2.pdf)
*   Feedback on 901112445764 ([https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/li/901112445764](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/li/901112445764)) (5 min, [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065) )
*   Review proposed process for consultants strategy (5 min, [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065) )
    *   Process:
        *   if anyone works for one of our customers, please reach out to Max first
        *   nonconfidential blurb (+ non-con deck)
        *   short convo to see if they're a right fit
        *   get contract, NDA in place
        *   share concept via email
        *   have convo with larger group

*       *   Clarify who is leading Lonza convos
*   Go over team updates (15 min, all)
*   Action items and next steps (5 min, all)
## 1\\. Key Decisions & Previous Action Items
#### Decisions

#### Previous Action Items
- [ ] [@Max Hu](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/UQ5L46BP1), [@Mads](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02Q6LGN490) and [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) met on Monday and aligned on a high-level system architecture (attached), and identified three critical buckets of requirements to focus on now. The notes from our meeting are [here](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/dc/12h8j1-49171/12h8j1-114051).
- [ ] The rationale for these buckets was to focus on what will likely have the largest impact on the product development timeline, as this is a key deliverable of this phase of the projct.
- [ ]      **Critical Requirement buckets and owners** (more detail on next steps for owners in the notes above)**:**
    - [ ]     **User requirements:** [@Mads](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02Q6LGN490) (with support from [@Vidar](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U03619X3CD9) )
        - [ ] [@Mads](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02Q6LGN490) : lead user requirements research, develop URS draft, engage GMP consultants
        - [x] [@pete czerpak](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U06G77LEB52) to share example of URS. Recommendation to start with what sections we want it to have.
        - [x] [@Will](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02NX8L4F5H) to own list of questions for Lonza meeting on Friday
    - [ ]     **GMP Compliance:** [@Will](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02NX8L4F5H) (with support from [@pete czerpak](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U06G77LEB52))
        - [ ] [@Will](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02NX8L4F5H) consolidate GMP-related requirements and create prioritized list of questions that need to be answered.
    - [ ]     **Opto specifications:** [@Taylor Hinsdale](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U06MD5ZU6FL) (with support from [@Max Hu](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/UQ5L46BP1) )
        - [ ] [@Max Hu](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/UQ5L46BP1) : schedule meeting with Opto team re: early design thinking
        - [x] [@Max Hu](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/UQ5L46BP1) [@Taylor Hinsdale](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U06MD5ZU6FL): coordinate with opto team on specification requirements and timeline impact (see example questions above)
    - [x] [@Vidar](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U03619X3CD9) [@Mads](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02Q6LGN490) [@pete czerpak](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U06G77LEB52) [@Will](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02NX8L4F5H) - Map assigned requirements to subsystems in the architecture **by 11/19**. There’s a new column in the [requirements spreadsheet.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vpXlKoz2CpGa6ZD0LOINV3N8dqHoBO78YvSnvCDO7Jo/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
    - [x] [@Mads](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/team/U02Q6LGN490) : start developing cost estimates

* * *
## 2\\. Brief Progress Updates
> Each team member should briefly summarize their work since the last meeting, current focus, and next steps. Structure your update for clarity and decision-making—think “status, blockers, upcoming.” **Prioritize tangible outcomes, critical learnings, and any issues where you need input or support.** Be concise, concrete, and avoid generic statements.  
> \\- **What was completed:** List milestones, deliverables, or key advances since last update.  
> \\- **What’s in progress:** Share current activities, experiments, or problems you are solving.  
> \\- **Blockers/issues:** Surface anything impeding your work, requiring a decision, or posing risk to GMP, functionality, or timeline.  
> \\- **Immediate next steps:** What you plan to tackle next, including deadlines if known.  
> This helps everyone quickly see progress, align dependencies, and spot risks early. Focus on actionable info over details for detail’s sake.
#### [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245)
*   **Regulatory Compliance:**
    *   Created list of Regulatory requirements and questions [here](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/dc/12h8j1-49171/12h8j1-114831)
    *   Created a NotebookLM to query regulatory requirements ([here](https://notebooklm.google.com/notebook/6765789b-debc-476f-a984-3a0571cac140))
*   **Project Timeline:**
    *   Timeline for Phase 1 is here: Gantt ([https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/g/12h8j1-49151](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/g/12h8j1-49151))
#### [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065)
*   **Regulatory:** started compiling information on reg requirements [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15CJMg-7giT7AxWMYj3W02WvCunECs4Hlc7AmGfwx6tI/edit?usp=sharing) (oops looks like Will and I did some overlapping things)
*   **URS:** URS draft [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WIya4wUORXl8o_NcOKADJNYhKQ1KVfZd1alpjNXQGZM/edit?usp=sharing) (TAB 2!)
*   **Qualification Clickup:** [here](https://app.clickup.com/36217409/v/li/901112445764)
*   **Consultant Process Suggestion:** [here](https://prolific-machines.slack.com/archives/C09LMT2NPNG/p1763416644873269)
*   Current Focus: Getting feedback on the above work as this is new for me :-). Then working on the URS/FRS and engaging consultants.
#### [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042)
*   Met with [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548) to discuss opto requirements; [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548) will share updated key requirement.
*   Reached out to SOSV channels to find GMP consultants (no replies yet)
*   Met with Lonza team to request access to people/facilities that could help us design with their testing/install requirements in mind. They're open to helping; will follow up this week.
*   Secured ~10k$ for GMP consultant(s) in phase 1.
#### [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548)
*   Met with [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) to discuss opto requirements. Updated the key requirement that will need input from opto team when defining the specifications.
*   Finalizing work statement of work for CFD consultant to enable GMP illuminator specification definition for scale implementations.

#### [@Vidar van der Meijden](#user_mention#54091421)
*   Productive Lonza meeting overal, in terms of GMP input, it became clear that we need input from different teams within Lonza and that there is a delicate balance between involving those teams to early - triggering risk perception - and involving them to late. We agreed to organize a site visit and share the hardware roadmap with the Lonza team to they can start to discuss internally
*   [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) will follow up on the visit with the Lonza team - depending on timing, we could ask them to be connected with some people on the operations side earlier.
*   WuXi highlighted a couple of key points:
    *   Simple light patterns would be important to them - he suggested a limited number of set points
    *   Reinforced the importance of risk management - i.e. ensuring that we're actually delivering the amount of light that we want to deliver.
#### [@Pete czerpak](#user_mention#75430545)
*   Shared [URS](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Tt-lvEFyMJ7yNlarC6_T0NaN9lZjXAtE?usp=share_link) (NIIMBL, Biophorum) resources with team that are perhaps better starting point than ISPE one that Mads originally used
*   Reviewed list of GMP/Regulatory activities from clickup. Commentary..... IQ is usually the simplest/shortest and is mostly an inspection and review of drawings/documentation to make sure what is supplied is as stated and that appropriate connections to exterior systems is as required. OQ and PQ is where it gets serious (and lengthy).
*   We have a Sartorius IQ/OQ and Functional Spec set of documentation from the 50STR that are relevant and can be reviewed by the team to better understand the level of what is supplied. Only supplied as paper version. These are likely based on GAMP design of the system based on format used and how system is broken down.
*   Put together [list](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mNjQT38jHX3lMu4SXa0olr9stO1JXCgZ/view?usp=share_link) of GMP bioprocess equipment and controller hardware/software to show the standardization already in the industry and where confidence is held and how other software and controllers may be viewed as unproven.
#### [@Zack Harmer](#user_mention#75447684)
*   Blastoise run ongoing planned to end next Monday (11/24)
#### [@Alex Toda](#user_mention#75436469)
*   
* * *
## 3\\. Requirements & Specification Alignment
*   _Recent changes or clarifications (reference URS/FRS as appropriate)._
*   _Open requirements or unresolved specification questions._
*   _Impacts on project plan or risk profile._
*   Link to URS: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WIya4wUORXl8o\_NcOKADJNYhKQ1KVfZd1alpjNXQGZM/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.butn27kj4wxi](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WIya4wUORXl8o_NcOKADJNYhKQ1KVfZd1alpjNXQGZM/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.butn27kj4wxi)(go to tab 2!!!)
*   
* * *
## 4\\. Blockers & Key Risks
*   _Current issues impacting pace, scope, or compliance._
*   _Risks requiring escalation or resolution this week._
* * *
## 5\\. GMP & CDMO Operations Feedback
*   _CDMO partner feedback (compliance, operability, validation)._
*   _Usability observations, operator feedback._
* * *
## 6\\. Dependencies
*   _Updates or needed inputs from partners, vendors, other teams._
*   _Resource or decision dependencies._
* * *
## 7\\. Next Steps & Accountability

| Action | Owner | Deadline |
| ---| ---| --- |
| Draft a boilerplate outreach message for consultants | [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) | 11/21 |
| Will book meeting for URS review | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | DONE |
| mads ping alex to review URS | [@Madeleine Allen](#user_mention#54136065) | 11/21 |
| Update architecture based on feedback | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | 11/21 |
| Continue moving Lonza conversation forward | [@Max Huisman](#user_mention#54118042) | ongoing |
| provide feedback on URS | [@Pete czerpak](#user_mention#75430545) [@Alex Toda](#user_mention#75436469) [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | 12/1 |
| Consolidate GMP requirements/questions | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | 11/26 |
| Share learnings from design sessions with opto team | [@Taylor Hinsdale](#user_mention#75430548) | 11/20 |
| Make prioritized list of consultants for outreach | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | 11/26 |
| Propose system for requirements change control (talk to Matt first) | [@Will Paton](#user_mention#54153245) | 11/26 |

* * *
## **Additional Notes:**
_Miscellaneous updates, reminders, or open floor discussion items._
*   Should we only be focusing on US for first launch? At what point do we need to decide?
    *   When talking to GMP consultants, get someone with an EU/UK lens.
*   WuXi would be concerned with many changes in the light pattern - \"profile complexity\"

### Review of Progress
*   System architecture document completed and shared for team feedback
    *   High-level architecture intentionally kept broad to avoid refactoring subsystems as specifications develop
    *   Red box represents system envelope of components being developed (excludes bag holder, backup controller which remain unmodified)
    *   Four main subsystems identified: controller, environment management, sensors, and illumination
    *   Will adjust visual presentation to clearly label all subsystems for clarity
*   User Requirements Specification (URS) development in progress
    *   Madeleine leading with Vidar as backup
    *   Draft URS document ready for review
    *   Review meeting scheduled for week after Thanksgiving with Will, Madeleine, Alex, and Pete
*   Regulatory and qualification framework established
    *   Comprehensive ClickUp list created covering pre-qualification through performance qualification phases
    *   Process includes documentation strategy for requirements traceability
    *   Framework covers design qualification (DQ), installation qualification (IQ), operational qualification (OQ), and performance qualification (PQ)
### Key Achievements
*   Taylor refined optical specifications requirements
    *   Redefined light delivery requirements focusing on stability, precision, and accuracy
    *   Working with Zack and internal team to determine if sufficient internal data exists for specifications
*   Cost estimation completed at high-level magnitude
    *   Matthew delivered preliminary cost breakdown
    *   Requirements successfully organized into prioritized buckets for development phases
*   Consultant outreach strategy finalized
    *   Process established: non-confidential outreach → initial fit assessment → contract/NDA → concept sharing → group consultation
    *   Multiple consultant contacts identified across regulatory, compliance, and bioprocess expertise areas
### Challenges and Adjustments Needed
*   Jurisdictional scope decision required
    *   Team debating whether to focus solely on US FDA requirements for first launch or include EU regulations
    *   Concern that developing for US-only may miss simpler EU requirements or create compatibility issues
    *   Max recommends focusing on US initially with early consultant input on expansion complexity
    *   Decision point needed before alpha development to avoid fundamental design incompatibilities
*   WuXi expressed concern about light pattern complexity
    *   Feedback indicates preference for limited profile complexity
    *   May require constraining system to preset recipes rather than full control system capabilities
    *   Need to balance customer requirements with system complexity
*   Architecture communication clarity needed
    *   Current visual presentation caused confusion about subsystem boundaries
    *   Firmware distribution across multiple controllers not clearly represented
    *   Need to clarify whether bioprocess industry standards apply to firmware implementation
*   Requirements change control process undefined
    *   Question whether formal document control system needed from start or if spreadsheet/ClickUp sufficient
    *   Industry standards may require change control from beginning of development
### Action Items and Accountability for the Week Ahead
*   Max: Draft non-confidential outreach message for consultants by end of week
*   Will: Schedule URS review meeting for week after Thanksgiving with Madeleine, Alex, and Pete
*   Will: Update system architecture diagram to clearly label software and sensors as subsystems
*   Madeleine: Reach out to consultant contacts using approved outreach process
    *   Note: Anyone working for customers must check with Max before outreach
*   Team: Provide feedback on URS tab 2 (not tab 1 which is incomplete)
*   Ryan: Research common communication protocols in bioprocess industry (ModBus, etc.)
    *   Team: Consider GAMP and ISO 88 standards for bioprocess control systems
*   Follow-up needed: Determine if Eric Schultz can provide regulatory framework guidance
*   Follow-up needed: Explore Matt’s previous experience with requirements change control systems at Apple
*   All: Review team updates asynchronously due to time constraints
